it's a boy, how are you, this video of
understanding of January is now
possible presentation of cold poetry
Because it's cold and she's been little
because with whom do you imagine
wound so cold so let's go and the
things I bought start with this
come back and I bought a back in the summer
but I really needed it.
This one I had and this line
the little finger know if it's cold and then
I decided to buy this knock and I found
super lovely inter size is size
1718 this booty and line is a mouth 11
Look, folks, it's a cute little surrender.
He opens tomorrow, I do not know what I'm seeing.
the size and here is four to six
months
the jury looks not perfectly dog like
I said it 's too small and she's using it.
clothes from 4 to 6 should if she is pretty from
A six-month-old child follows
here's four then it's good, I just know
It served in her and everything was alright.
14 years old, this little dress looks cute and
It's also four to six months
if it is this year predicting people want to
I know I'm not lying.
as to the lusa who wants it so that they
They're going to celebrate that famous birthday.
two year old really called it there
another neighbor who does not use and does not
all the clothes he bought from four to
six months from the launch to
you
it's impossible people did not lose
four months' province
do not give base does not value that it is well
small but people in the sky look at the size
of this
look it is possible that with great not in it
know is not good it is beautiful
The boy wears jeans all over the world.
very large size, sir, number or not
tomorrow but here I go here
Look, I think I can not pull it.
tighten but this anne Calçadinha in
darfur one for me and if you look look at
wife
the following year he believes that
legalizing the button is too much
in this house and obviously it's big then
fuse window ne
That's the way it is because it's
very large because it will be enough
so calm
I bought this set time to now in
edital tomorrow a year a year
I'm just going to wear a dress on the
first not to compromise giant rs
of there simple or complex false money
also the size of the year but it is not so
great that as cup then gives forth
my pants with this shirt that
because they think they will drink with
homage is bootie 7
Baby, but it gets really big, right?
the canon sweatshirt is simple
Big basic needs that I found smaller
and then in a hurry and so decided that it is
then luiza champion decided january
That was it and if you prefer the mess
that was I come she people she does not fall
of the sofa as it rises and descends stewed
alone then but I 'm here on my own
in her and that's it folks accompany the die
this month was this and there are some
things too but I 'm not
remembered that is but basically it was this
OK
A kiss, bye.